Adding first stab on workflow patterns (#1006)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/components/concepts/workflow-patterns.md

<span className="callout">4</span>

During delivery, it does not even allow cancelations anymore. This is also why this event is non-interrupting (dashed line), so we keep doing **Delivery**.

### Correlation mechanisms

Mapping external messages to an existing process instance is called [message correlation](/docs/components/concepts/messages/). This is a crucial functionality to ensure you can communicate with process instances from the outside.

There are two main problems to solve:

1. How to find the right process instance? In Camunda, this is solved by a `message name` and a `correlation key` (e.g. `orderCanceled` and `order-42`).

2. How to persist messages if a process instance is not yet ready to receive that message yet? In Camunda, this is solved by having an internal message store and a `time to live` attached to messages. This is related to [Workflow Pattern 24: Persistent Trigger](http://www.workflowpatterns.com/patterns/control/new/wcp24.php)

You can find more information in [our documentation about messages](/docs/components/concepts/messages/).

### Events from subprocesses

> Sometimes, you a subprocess need to communicate with its parent without ending the subprocess yet. BPMN allows this by an [escalation event](/docs/components/modeler/bpmn/bpmn-coverage/).

Reviewer: Do you mean you need to communicate with a parent? Might just be a typo here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes, a subprocess needs to communicate with its parent process without ending the subprocess yet. BPMN allows this by an [escalation event](/docs/components/modeler/bpmn/bpmn-coverage/).
```

Author: Amara is completely right. And yes - typo

You might also want to look into our [best practice: modeling beyond the happy path](/docs/components/best-practices/modeling/modeling-beyond-the-happy-path/) to understand possibilities.

### Error scopes

The reaction to errors might need to be different depending on the current state of the process. This can be achieved by using [subprocesses](/docs/components/modeler/bpmn/embedded-subprocesses/) in combination with either [boundary events](/docs/components/modeler/bpmn/events/#boundary-events) or [event subprocesses](/docs/components/modeler/bpmn/event-subprocesses/).

<div bpmn="workflow-patterns/subprocess-error.bpmn" callouts="errorEvent, errorEventSubprocess" />

<span className="callout">1</span>

This error event only catches errors from the subprocess "clearing". The idea here would be that in case of any clearing service not being available, the order is assumed cleared. Note that this example is mainly built for illustration, and does not necessarily mean this is the best way to solve this business requirement.

<span className="callout">2</span>

> Alternatively, this error event subprocess is triggered whenever there is a fraud detected, independent where this error is raised.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "independent where this error is raised"? Outside of where this error is raised?

Reviewer 2: It's not attached like a boundary event, it listens throughout the process, including other subprocesses. Maybe "independent of whether the error occurs in any subprocess or parent process"?

Author: Like this: https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-docs/pull/1006/commits/9aee9f96c83fa0247aa3e52506470ad1562951a3

Reviewer: Excellent!
